				Olx Browser 1.0 - User Manual

Olx Browser 1.0 has been created by me, Antoni Mrowiñski, to further practice web automation 
with the use of Selenium in a form of a practical project. The programme has been written in 
Python 3.8 and supports Chrome browser.

Olx Browser 1.0 is a programme thats allows a user to find the cheapest auction on the 
www.OLX.pl website with a desired product.

The software allows for the interaction with the user with the help of the GUI managed 
through TkInter package. The snapshot of the GUI can be found in Olx_Browser_1.0_Screenshot1.png
and Olx_Browser_1.0_Screenshot2.png respectively.



Usage:

1. The user is required to provide name of the searched object.

2. The user is required to provide minimal price of the auction
	so that the auctions with products of poor quality can be easily filtered out.
	The format of the price requires using "." instead of "," in case of float value.

3. The user may decide whether she/he wants to search for all auctions or only for the 
	promoted ones. Placing the tick in the relevant checkbox means that only promoted 
	auctions will be considered.

4. In order to start the process, the user has to click the Search button. 

5. The browser should not be interrupted during the process as it may results in interceptions
	while the code and Selenium perform.

6. The results are displayed in a form of a list. Up to 10 results are shown in the GUI. 
	The rest of the results is stored in the file located in D:\searching_results.txt.
	If no results are found, an appropriate message is displayed in GUI and in the
	searching_results.txt file. Having finished the browsing process, the programme
	goes to the url address of the cheapest auction found. If no such auction is found,
	the browser is closed but the GUI remains open.

7. The user may also clear the results section by using the Clear Results button. It is active
	only while results are displayed. 

8. The process of searching with new data may also be repeated. Note that new results
	 automatically eliminate the old data both from GUI and the searching_results.txt file.



Additional features:

1. Olx Browser 1.0 can handle input errors such as:
	- empty input fields
	- minimal price input containing non-numerical characters
	- minimal price input where "," is used instead of "." for float values.

2. Olx Browser 1.0 is resistant to pop-up ads which result in the opening of a new tab. Such
	event will not interrupt the searching process.


Required environment:
- Python 3.8
- Pycharm Community Edition
- Selenium 
- TkInter package
- access to the chromedriver.exe file (needs to be up-to-date with the Chrome version)